"In the end I’m gonna be alright. But it might take a hundred sleepless nights…" - Thru These Tears  
"Where did we go wrong? I know we started out alright." - 13  
"It was love. I know you know that." - It Was Love  
"So go ahead and run, run, run back to who you were running from." - Run  
"You are my number one, baby. I like you lots." - like you lots  
"You’ve stolen my heart and run it over." - BRB  
"I’m selfless, drunk on you, what more could I do?" - Good Girls  
"If this is love I don’t want it." - Super Far  
"Orange through the blinds, the sun is almost down." - Made in Hollywood  
"Cloud nine times nine my mind when I’m gone with you." - Pancakes  
"Last time in hell that I leave flowers on the floor." - Flowers On The Floor  
"Let’s drive around town, holding hands." - ILYSB  
"My heart hurts so good. I love you, babe, so bad…" - ILYSB  
"You are my favorite everything." - Pink Skies  
"I need my current location to be your current location." - Current Location  
"Don’t check my phone, I know for sure you haven’t called me." - okay  
"From the start … I never thought I’d say this before. But I don’t wanna love you anymore." - I Don’t Wanna Love You Anymore  
"It’s never the same after the breakup. It’s never the same love, don’t try to make up." - The Breakup  
"But was it really love if you can leave me for something so innocent?" - Thick and Thin  
"I’m not happy and you know it and you still don’t even try." - Super Far  
"Pacing through the back of my mind. Maybe you’ve been a storm all this time." - Hericane  
"I’d rather let you go than make you feel like you’ve gotta stay." - Cause You Have To  
"I hope you find somebody. Who's got everythin' you're searchin' for" - Cause You Have To
"Can't talk to you, so I talk about you when I talk to God." - I Pray
"Yeah, they lose your trust, so you pack your stuff. Yeah, you've had your fun, but you know it's done. So you call me up, you don't walk you run. Cause I'm everything you want" - I Pray
"Not a star in the sky that I wouldn't catch. I would burn down the world if you wanted it" - No
"Sometimes I wonder what I'm missing. What does it mean to act my age?" - Act My Age
"You're so soft. Nothin' 'bout you ever hurts me" - Soft